
This is the file qcdnum-18-00-00/testjobs/README

The following test programs are available in the directory testjobs:

example.f|cc     Simple evolution program as described in Section 4.2
                 of the writeup. Good starting point to develop your
                 own application code.
exampledc.f      Same program but now driven by data cards.
testsgns.f|cc    EVSGNS singlet/non-singlet evolution and compare to EVOLSG.
getgluon.f|cc    Gluon from the different interpolation routines.
pdfsets.f|cc     Play around with different pdf sets in memory.
testzmstf.f|cc   Calculate structure functions with the ZMSTF package.
testhqstf.f|cc   Calculate heavy flavour contributions with the HQSTF
                 package. Here we calculate F2b and FLb from pdfs which
                 are evolved with nf = 3 flavours, which is wrong because
                 it should be nf = 4 flavours. But for a testjob that's OK.
timing.f|cc      1000 evolutions and, for each evolution, 1000 F2 and
                 FL calculations at NNLO in the VFNS. This is to see how
                 long it takes.
convolit.f       Calculate (double) convolutions with the slow and
                 fast convolution engine, and compare the results with
                 that from straight-forward Gauss integration.
ftwo.f|cc        Calculate LO or NLO F2 structure function using the
                 fast convolution engine and compare the result to ZMSTF.
                 Good starting point to write your own structure function
                 routines like polarised structure functions, for instance.
longlist.f       Use the fast convolution engine to interpolate an
                 arbitrary long list of pdfs. Shows how to circumvent the
                 mpt0 restriction on the number of interpolations.
SGevolution.f    Does singlet/gluon evolution with the evolution toolbox
                 and compares the result with the standard evolution.
wspace.f|cc      Some code examples from the WSTORE memory manager write-up.

inputpdfCxx.h    Include file with input pdfs for all testjobs.
